challenges/week2/README.md, before:


## Week 2 Challenges

Welcome to Week 2 of the ESC2023 challenges! Prepare for an even more thrilling and intellectually stimulating journey. This week, you will dive deeper into the realm of embedded cyber-physical systems cybersecurity as you continue to hone your hacking skills, navigate through intricate systems to unearth vulnerabilities, and claim those highly sought-after flags. 

<img src="https://github.com/TrustworthyComputing/csaw_esc_2023/blob/main/challenges/week2/spitfire.png" alt="Spitfire" align="left" width="250" height="200" title="Spitfire">

### Operation SPItFire

Amid the digital battleground, you, an accomplished spy, are assigned the mission of deciphering an intricate maze of wire traffic acquired from the mysterious hacker collective, SPItFire. To assist your efforts, your remote team has gained access to a device linked to one of SPItFire's surveillance camera, allowing you to clandestinely exchange messages. Your objective: find out how to communicate with the security camera, and acquire to uncover the coveted password flag that can be used to infiltrate their security footage.

### czNxdTNuYzM 

Coming soon

Commit message:

Add challenge intro for czNxdTNuYzM

challenges/week2/README.md, after:


## Week 2 Challenges

Welcome to Week 2 of the ESC2023 challenges! Prepare for an even more thrilling and intellectually stimulating journey. This week, you will dive deeper into the realm of embedded cyber-physical systems cybersecurity as you continue to hone your hacking skills, navigate through intricate systems to unearth vulnerabilities, and claim those highly sought-after flags. 

<img src="https://github.com/TrustworthyComputing/csaw_esc_2023/blob/main/challenges/week2/spitfire.png" alt="Spitfire" align="left" width="250" height="200" title="Spitfire">

### Operation SPItFire

Amid the digital battleground, you, an accomplished spy, are assigned the mission of deciphering an intricate maze of wire traffic acquired from the mysterious hacker collective, SPItFire. To assist your efforts, your remote team has gained access to a device linked to one of SPItFire's surveillance camera, allowing you to clandestinely exchange messages. Your objective: find out how to communicate with the security camera, and acquire to uncover the coveted password flag that can be used to infiltrate their security footage.

<img
src="https://github.com/TrustworthyComputing/csaw_esc_2023/blob/main/challenges/week2/czNxdTNuYzM.png"
alt="czNxdTNuYzM" align="left" width="250" height="200" title="czNxdTNuYzM">

### czNxdTNuYzM 

A cryptic dance of numbers unfolds before the eyes. Can you harmonize with the
rapid rhythms of this challenge? In this realm of numbers, a symphony can conquer even the swiftest of mysteries.
